Q: On a scale of 1 to 10, how well rested and mentally ready were you when you began your work today?
A: I feel that I was at least a 9 in terms of being rested. I did have a little trouble falling asleep last night, but I went to bed early knowing that would happen. I slept well, and I always eat well. Mentally, I felt ready for today's assessment, but I already accepted that I would do my best and the outcome would be what it is.

Q: How do you feel about your work on the summary assessment today?
A: I feel good about my work today. I had a couple of sticky, frustrating moments, but I managed to find solutions to the issues I had. I wish that I could make the app look better, but I do not understand some of the interpretations of the style rules.

Q: What aspect of your work today are you most proud of?
A: I am proud that I was able to get the router working so that my app functions as a Single Page Application. This was also the aspect that cost me the most time and mental energy. I have not done this before, so it was the best learning aspect of the assessment.

Q: What extenuating circumstances did you experience that impeded your work, if any? (e.g., your computer froze and it took you an hour to fix)
A: There were no extenuating circumstances with my machine. My brother decided to visit today with his wife and two very young children, so there has been a lot of noise in the house, but I don't think that has had any effect on my work.

Q: Which parts of the prompt do you feel uncertain how well you did?
A: I did not have time to implement the hide/show aspect of the email addresses for the owners. I am uncertain whether I implemented enough on the back-end. I stubbed out some extra routes that I did not have a chance to implement, but I believe they would be additional features beyond what the prompt asked for. I also did not do well with the styling. I have not had much practice, and many of the interpretations of the browser are not congruent with my mental model. Finally, there is some error related to an image get request, which I feel I have seen before, but I can't remember what the issue is, and I have been unable to debug this. I think it might be related to the 'favicon', but I'm lost.

Q: What aspects of the summary assessment you know you need extra support with, if any?
A: I am not sure. I definitely need extra work with styling, and with identifying an appropriate, or better, html DOM structure. I feel that my product is somewhat over-complicated in terms of that structure.

Q: Which frontend framework did you use?
A: I used AngularJS.

Q: Which database and/or ORM did you use?
A: I used mongoose/mongoDB.

Q: Did you complete the `How To Start This App` section in `/catslist/README.md`?
A: Yes.
